# Title and Paper Link
Title: [Multi-Agent Information Gathering Using Stackelberg Games](http://kth.diva-portal.org/smash/record.jsf?aq2=%5B%5B%5D%5D&c=4&af=%5B%5D&searchType=LIST_LATEST&sortOrder2=title_sort_asc&query=&language=en&pid=diva2%3A1737822&aq=%5B%5B%5D%5D&sf=all&aqe=%5B%5D&sortOrder=author_sort_asc&onlyFullText=false&noOfRows=50&dswid=-2560)
# Abstract
Multi-agent information gathering (MA-IG) enables autonomous robots to cooperatively collect information in an unfamiliar area. In some scenarios, the focus is on gathering the true mapping of a physical quantity such as temperature or magnetic field. This thesis proposes a computationally efficient algorithm known as multi-agent RRT-clustered Stackelberg game (MA-RRTc-SG) to solve MA-IG. During exploration, measurements are taken along robot paths to update the belief of a Gaussian process (GP), which gives a continuous estimation of the physical process. To seek informative paths, agents first resort to self-planning: one individually generates a number of choices using sampling-based algorithms and preserves informative ones. Then, paths from different robots are combined and investigated based on a multi-player Stackelberg game. The Stackelberg game ensures robots select the combination of paths that yield maximum system reward. The reward function plays an important role in the aforementioned two steps. In our work, robots are awarded for selecting informative paths and punished for hazardous movements and large control inputs. In experiments, we first conduct variation studies to investigate the influence of key parameters in the proposed algorithm. Then, the algorithm is tested in a simulation case to map the radiation intensity in a nuclear plant. Results show that using our algorithm, robots are able to collect information in an efficient and cooperative way compared to random exploration.
# Keyword
Information gathering, Autonomous exploration, Multi-agent coordination, Multi-agent system
